hi hello again my first video
spoken hehehe hope you like it I am
angeleri and here they are going to have a lot
time we start with the tutorial
I am applying the base and base of
makeup I 'm applying myself
base in cream of dry land very good that
cover you do not know how much you know is
perfect you apply with super little
what do you have to match for
match the skin you remove the ones from
they close the poles sorry
this granites or some imperfection of
have this gross and subsequently
I applied a little concealer on the
part of the eyecup only to give
illumination
if I use very little correctors
This cream because I usually
correct with with powders like this I correct with
dust and I still have a lot more
sealed the makeup and then I can
blur more
or accentuate more depending on what I'm going to
do if this powder that I applied in the
bottom part is so that at the moment
who is doing the shadows or in this
case as they are already beginning to see the
If I charge the polvito, I will not
go to stain the makeup of the part
from below yes because later it looks dark
gray and you do not see father though then
to take care of these little details this as
good here with a little bit of dust
translucent is loose so we start
with eyebrows on the eyebrow I'm
doing with only with dust with a
shadow dark coffee yes and depending
of the
of the hair tone or in this case of
a wig or the effect that you want
give let's apply the eyebrow tone if
I dared like that a little more
brusque plus this one
eyebrow marked
a more dramatic stronger effect
apply a little pink on the part of the
Bone of the nose good in the center
of the eyes and only to blur
the hardness of my face to give a little
more than softness and at this moment
We are applying brown shadow
shadow coffee is a
the shadow
de mack is in brown tone and right now I'm
applying the black tone
the coffee shade is called express express
of brand the black tone is pro-makeup
of the black swan range and later
continued with the outline if this
eyeliner I loved it enough
because you go is a brush like
we can see and again I think more
straight that with a liquid eyeliner
I still find the part easier
super super super fast and it 's
wordpress and here we are applying a
little bit more black in the corners
to give a little more depth and
intensify the tuxedo
here what I 'm doing is applying
one of the same shadows that
Handles but palette classic makeup
follow the tone that is like golden brown
bronze I cited I applied it to blur
the shades the clear and the coffee that I
I applied so that no mark is seen
Now here I am making the outline
from the bottom and I always leave
one a strip I do not know about three
millimeters so to speak and medellin me
out of the eye to enlarge it because
as I do not put huge eyelashes and
more if to make the eye big and so
we can do that or they can do it
the people who have the eye very
little one is never delineated inside
because if they put eyeliner inside
they are not going to deepen and you are going to see the
much smaller eye ok so what
take into account girls and in any case
our youngest and girls or so this that
have little eyes like kids
that have small eyes as I can
make my good eye bigger by delineating
the outside and apart applying in the
water line white eyeliner or ivory
so to enlarge here I am applying
in the 10 kilos of eyelash those eyelashes
I made them good
not literal but I bought several tabs
several pairs and splicing I think they are like
three or four if you go and to give a
much more intense effect on the eye the
makeup is going on with the blush
frame with a base quote some plastic
before I did it with a
napkin I put it linear and about that
this to the contour if it is a contour
a little darker our base
natural
to tune the cheekbones here frame the
nose
with a shadow also as a cinnamon type
and I apply the pink blush as well as
to give more sweetness the face of
of man that we have this we continue with
the lips
if the lips a nude tone delineates a
little out of my lips to give
a little more than
of meatiness if already the last details
and what
as you can see
all the stripes that we mark all the
intensity I obscure the lashes all
it fades and in the end already with the
little ball already in poses and very pretty I hope
that you liked it if so, I wish
God want
remember to subscribe like
thumbs up comment and share my
videos if we 're watching here
very much, thank you very much for following me
and see you soon
a kiss bye